it didn't matter which engine you had
the 1.6 or the 1.9 this little Persia
was fan bleeding tastic and then it was
the design a towel had done the golfer
natal is one of the great Italian
styling houses but pininfarina is better
and pininfarina and under Persia
you can tell
in its environment IE right now this is
one of the very very fastest cars that
money can buy you could bring a a
Ferrari down here or a porsche 911 or a
Lamborghini Diablo and not one of them
would be able to keep up with this I
promise you there's always the sense
that you don't really need to slow down
four corners you can pack put your foot
down and go round the meetings mastered
it just tell me that this part of
norfolk is absolutely beautiful but i'm
sorry i really don't have time to look
put very simply the 205 GTI was smaller
lighter more responsive and faster than
the Golf GTI and then Peugeot decided to
ladle even more food off into the mix by
making a rally version
this may have looked like a 205 but the
only thing to have in common was the
windscreen frame the rally version was
mid-engined turbocharged four-wheel
drive was five times more powerful than
the normal road cars it was basically a
Formula one racer with mud guards
it could achieve worth phenomenal and so
too were the size of the crowds that
turned out to see it
you